sharmila salesmen at you know the
ultimate to go in dec smith he flashes
out that actually does not kill him with
the alt from Santorin but he's still
stuck in cataclysm sion spartan with a
form an ultimate but he's now left alone
layers to keep the ends coming from link
now enters the fight there's design
yeh's do they have the focus now to take
him out he still has the tomb to go down
on already used it actually so he goes
down double if somehow in the middle of
the fight again and he goes down team
solomid as easily just put this in their
favor that's three kills but nobody on
GSM died they might ignore the dragon
and try and win the game they're going
straight down the midlane Jack bottom
Lane is getting actually pinged out here
wild turtle may want to stop her to
Sonya hidden the turret need a d-man
call on this one that's going to go down
now they're on the inhibitor they also
stop fifth dragon with this if they even
have to go back for it they have 40
seconds on three members to keep going
for Nexus turrets if they want this
would be a beer I don't think there's
any way CLG stops us when they're trying
to call it the minions but there's too
many people on TS seminars is to take an
absolutely amazing turn of events now
see LG has won the last ditch effort to
go for broke TSM is just too strong they
own a CL geez base here exact way they
don't have the minions the focus is on a
CLG they're doing that perfectly now to
the Nexus it's open it's up to fifty
percent after being down all game team
solomid persevere
five bag
for Dragon's down kills down a baron
down inhibitor
Eriksson they look to their star player
and he finds the charm and let's play
with the follow-up also Santorin
dropping the Cataclysm and immediately
flashing out leaving dar in there Zion
had to flash to separate himself from
CLG